# Code Challenge DKB

## Assumptions
1. The length of each has generated by the URL Shortener is fixed.(We can also have variable lengths).
2. Used only lowercase alphabetic characters just as a preference (We can also include Uppercase, Numbers, etc.)
## Task Approach Description 
Hash is created using a simple Random String Generator.

We check if a hash already exists for a given URL, if yes then we just return the same hash. Otherwise, we try to create a new hash. In case there is a hash clash, then we try to create another hash until a specific number of time.

The length of the short URL (hash) function and total number of retries that we will support can be setup as a property.

The advantage is that this approach is simple to implement but the drawback is that if we have a hash length of 5, then with lower case alphabets we will not be able to support the  26ˆ5 hashes fully as there will be more and more clashes as the DB table gets filled.

At that time, we can create another hash function. But if we want to fully support all the hashes for a particular length of string, then we can first generate the hashes and then store it. After that we can pick the hash one by one and delete the ones that has been picked.

## Technical Organisation

The task is divided into standard layers like: Entity, Service, Repository and Controller and there are a few supporting classes.

They are all within the same package following Domain Driven Development approach. It is also recommended bz Spring: https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.0.0.RELEASE/reference/html/using-boot-structuring-your-code.html

In memory database DB2 has been used just for simple setup. 

Tests have been run through the service layer.

There are 3 endpoints to access the service i.e. POST a URL, GET URL from Hash and DELETE a URL.

## Execution

To run the project, just execute the CodechallengeDkbApplication class.